Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back y'all. It
is Friday and uh last time we left
y'all, I think we said we weren't going
out to sales because of the rain. But I
was scrolling Facebook last night and I
saw the sale caught my eye that was
going on today. So, we went to one sale
today and we bought over a hundred
items. Somewhere around 100.
>> I think right at 100. I think we bought
800 items.
>> Well, we both counted and we both came
up with
>> It's It's around there. Yeah. Give or
take one or two probably.
>> Look at this.
>> Yeah. Um mostly HBA. Like 99.9% HBA.
>> Yeah. So what we did was our criteria
here because most of this stuff there
are a couple of threes. This has 10.
>> There's a few fives. Yeah.
>> I don't even know that she even charged
that though. And I'll tell y'all why. Um
I think she may have done pretty much a
straight $2 for most of this stuff.
Yeah,
>> most of this stuff she did have priced
at $2 and you just grab it and it's $2 a
piece and some things she had a few
things she had prices on like that. We
didn't double check behind her real
close on her count because on her total
>> because um we dealt with her before and
the total seemed within the realm of you
know being
>> yeah close to what we knew it was pretty
close. So, I wasn't going to like nickel
and dimer,
>> right?
>> Uh so, yeah, because uh these things
here were not $2 and this right here was
$5 for the pair.
>> So, I knew it was pretty close. Um what
did you pay? You paid 10. And then
>> I paid 10 for this 555, but that's
>> that's part of We paid $263
for a 100 pieces of inventory
>> for everything including this
>> including that. Right. So basically our
per per item price ends up being $263.
>> Yep.
>> We went to exactly one stop today.
>> Yeah.
>> And we were there about 45 minutes and
then we came home
>> and packed orders
>> and then we packed orders.
>> Yeah. Y'all are seeing this footage
backwards.
>> So yeah, but that is a nice way to
source.
>> It is. Yes. Yes. And we're still
planning on going out tomorrow.
>> Yeah. We as long as there's sales to
get, which we we're pretty sure there
will be.
>> Yeah.
>> But man, this is awesome.
>> Yeah. So, uh we are I think we're going
to tag team this.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh Lonnie will probably take the
pictures and I'll build the listings so
we can see how fast we want to get this
stuff listed hopefully in two days.
>> I I'm thinking Yeah, that's our goal is
to work together on it and get it listed
in two days. And we're we're going to
guess
right now uh or we already did is we're
guessing
our average listing because we both know
there are $10 items and there are $35
items and there are $12 items and there
are $18 items.
>> Like a wide mix. But we think out of
these hundred items, we're going to
average $15 a listing. And we So, we
think it'll be about $1,500 in listings.
>> And heck, Candace, if we can do that, if
we can get that done in two days.
>> Oh, I know.
>> That would be nice. And most of it needs
to happen today because the other day
would probably be Monday,
>> right? Which we spend half that day
packing orders. So, yeah, we're about to
get into it. And um hopefully the next
time we see y'all, we'll have an update.
>> Yeah. Well, we'll have an update. I just
don't think we're going to be finished
yet.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Hey, we got to get the orders
out, Candace.
>> That's right. So, only on eBay today. We
had some good ones. Okay, first thing is
Nine Echo four Epcot food and wine
festival plates.
>> Okay, good
>> appetizer plates.
>> Good. Because that's one of those ones
that
I mean, we had comps to back it up
buying them. We got them super cheap,
>> but it's one of those ones where you
don't really know if it's don't really
know if it's going to sell. Longtail.
Yeah. $31 for those.
>> Oh, that's actually really good.
>> Yeah. We sold Oh, under your bench. One
of the beer signs sold. The bell's uh
tin sign
here.
>> All right. That's going to be a bit of a
pack. Is it flat or is it uh 3D?
>> It's a little embossed. And they
>> like in the middle.
>> Yeah. And they did ask to write do not
bend on.
>> Oh. Oh, yeah. I'm going to Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Yep. And that sold for $59.99.
>> Okay. Nice.
>> All the sci-fi books, Lonnie loted them
together.
>> Yes.
>> They sold for 177 shipping included.
>> Yeah. This is a uh
>> Is it going to be more than
>> kind of a private deal?
>> Is it going to be more than one uh box
you're shipping those in?
>> Yes. Yep. I'm I've already got
We were cooking this deal up what day
before yesterday.
>> Yeah.
And uh yeah, so this is going to be one
box just those which is uh I think
that's mostly
hard cover. So I need to pack those. But
these
>> Oh man,
>> they're ready to go.
>> Yeah, these are ready to roll. Okay.
>> So,
the way this uh the way this ended up
working out, if y'all remember, we paid
well, the same day we bought that beer
sign and a whole bunch of beer taps.
>> Yep.
>> We paid $40 for books,
>> right?
>> And basically, this is all the books.
So,
>> uh worked out the price to where it was
$130
plus ship basically,
>> right? So, the the shipping portion of
this isund is uh $47.
>> And honestly, uh we weren't even
supposed to buy these. I didn't realize
it.
>> Yeah.
>> So, when we after we did all the deals,
I was paying the lady of through Vinmo
and Lonnie started loading stuff in the
car and we were adding stuff up and she
said um cuz they had the books separate
and she said 20 and 20 40 and I thought
they had agreed on that. So, I'm like,
"Okay,
>> it's fine." It worked out.
>> Yeah, it worked out. I mean it did, but
yeah, it was my fault for not checking
with him.
>> We do that sometimes like we we do like
we get caught up and we don't like have
a little pow-wow right before the time
to pay
>> what we're paying for stuff, right? Yep.
Okay. We sold the two Taylor Swift CDs
in the guy drawer. Lotted those together
for $20.
>> All righty. Still got some little
knickknack stuff up here kind of in the
way.
>> That's a Lucasy bag I have folded under
there. Trying to flatten it out cuz it
was wrinkled
>> so I can list it.
>> Okay.
>> Ad alpha Houston Texans NFL team signed
football.
>> All right.
>> Facim signed.
>> What was that last thing you said?
>> Facim signed football.
>> Okay. I think it might be
>> It's got the stand and the pump.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We've actually sold quite a
few of these.
Now, for different teams, I think it
might be.
>> I think it might actually be this box
right here. I'm pretty Yeah, this is it.
Candace, you want to come grab this?
>> Yep.
>> I've got a box I got to put back up
here.
>> I I expect it to be heavier than that.
>> Expected what?
>> I expected to be heavier when I picked
it up. I don't know why.
>> Oh, yeah. You know, when you got you
think something's going to be heavy and
it's you pick it up and it's light, it
kind of like you're like, whoa,
>> it was a football.
>> Yeah.
>> $29.99 for that.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. This next thing, we won't be able
to say that about it. It's a bowling
ball.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Two two Delta.
>> It's not This one won't sneak up on us.
>> Brunswick purple and gold.
>> I wonder if I got the shelf wrong. No,
it's probably behind here. Okay.
Yep.
So,
yeah. I mean, the re the the whole
reason that like we have we've sold used
bowling balls before, but the whole
reason I was like, "Okay, I need to keep
looking for these things." Hot Lunch
Reselling. Mhm.
>> He he is often showing selling used
bowling balls for like
25, 30, sometimes like 50 bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> So, if we can get them cheap enough cuz
we bought three balls
>> and two bags.
>> Three balls. Two bags. It came with some
shoes. I think we ended up donating or
tossing one, donating the other pair of
shoes, but I think I got like I got like
$150 in listings or something.
>> And we're into it all for like 20 bucks
or something.
>> 20 bucks. Yep. Exactly.
>> Yeah. Okay. We have a skateboard. It's
up somewhere.
>> A skateboard. What we sell?
>> The Panda skateboard. The Panda Enjoy. I
see it over there.
>> Okay. Yeah, it's right there. Okay. So,
I forgot. I forgot we sold a skateboard.
>> Yeah,
>> that's why I said it like that.
>> You got some packs to do today.
>> I know I do. I forgot I sold a
skateboard and I was like, "Oh man, I
got to I got to shift that."
For a minute there, I was like, "Oh,
man. Is it that
that big clear one?"
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Nope.
>> I thought it might be this one right
here. As a matter of fact, that long a
sucker.
>> Right. $44.99 for this one.
>> Okay.
Yeah. Look at that. We're only into it
for three.
>> Yep. Okay. The big yarn lot sold.
>> Man, this is But we're doing some shelf
clearing.
>> I think it's under the bench, huh?
Cuz we had it for storage, but we never
got
>> Oh,
>> it's a storage.
>> Is that what is under here?
>> 58s. Yep. That's it.
>> 58s.
>> Mhm.
>> What is that? 58 skins.
>> Yeah. 12 lbs.
>> Okay.
>> Yarn.
>> Oh my gosh, y'all.
>> So, over 100 bucks.
>> Sorry for this camera work. Look at
that.
>> $100 of yarn right there.
>> Well, Candace, that means So, I think so
far
>> I think everything from that box,
>> not everything. Um, so far
we've sold I think 175.
That was when we went to the um that's
when we bought all the stuff in the garb
the
>> fill a bag.
>> The fill a bag garbage bags for $5 a
piece.
>> Yeah.
>> And Yeah. No, we sold 175. We've sold
325s
and 100. And then I think we have 250
lots. Two $50 lots left.
>> Oh, and then that one thing of yarn that
I listed just for 25 by itself,
>> right? Okay.
>> Yep. Okay. The next two items, two
different buyers, two different tap
handles.
>> Okay. Oh, okay. Hang on. I got to go
grab them.
Okay. Had to grab these out of the
office.
>> Okay. 29 is Coco, Louisiana. $24.99.
>> Okay. Good.
>> 16 is Stout Beer for 40 Arpant Brewing
Company.
>> Mhm.
>> $24.99.
>> Okay. So, I think we've sold
$75 in tap handles now out of three
three handles.
>> Yeah. None of them are like the pricey
ones,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. We sold a hat. Oh. Oh, really?
>> Hatbox B.
>> Oh, that's sold. Okay. What is it
called?
>> Hatbox B.
>> You No. What is the hat called?
>> San Francisco Giants is a digital camo.
>> Oh, okay. That's right.
I was thinking it was I listed a camo
hat yesterday.
>> Thinking it might be that. There we go.
Boy, for being camo, you sure found it
quick.
>> Yeah.
because it's not hiding in something
digital.
>> That's right.
>> $29.99.
>> Yeah. What's the purpose of digital
camo?
>> I I think that's what they figure out.
>> You trying to hide in the matrix?
>> Did you put move another box somewhere
else?
>> Huh? I just No, those are all those are
just the hat boxes. Yeah, we actually
have a dead spot up there.
>> And the smiles drawer. Ham radio
postcard lot.
>> Yeah, I just listed those.
>> Oh, it's over here.
right here.
>> Those sold for $24.99. About how many
postcards is in there?
>> I don't know.
>> Oh,
>> this many.
>> I didn't even count them.
>> I just kind of showed them spread out
and then I showed a side side view and I
said how much they weighed. I think
>> one alpha nautica quilt plaid quilt.
>> Man,
>> just listed this yesterday. L I think
the last thing I listed.
>> Yeah. Right here,
man.
>> 100 bucks.
We are moving some big stuff today.
>> Yep.
>> Gee whiz. Okay.
>> 14 Delta Lucasy shopping tote.
>> Uh
shopping tote.
>> It's a brown tote. I probably I don't
know what I put it in.
>> Well, I see it in a bag here. You don't
normally label them though, huh? Is this
it? I mean, there's a shopping tote in
here. I don't know if it's the
>> Yeah, that's it.
>> That's all.
>> We had two, right? And that's the other
one.
>> The other one's there. Yeah. $24.99.
>> Wow. That's crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> Look, they I don't think we I don't
think she even charged us for those.
Maybe. I'm not sure.
>> They have price tags on them.
>> Oh, they did. Okay.
>> Yeah. Um this one had a $5 price tag.
>> Okay. I think I paid I think I might
have paid her a dollar or something. I
said, "Hey, you can I will you sell
these for a buck
>> so I can use them?" Yeah. And we used
them to like put the other Lucasy stuff
in.
>> Yeah. And last thing is some Urban Decay
eyeliner.
>> Okay.
>> Empire.
>> Let's see. There we go.
>> 1999.
>> Man, we need to find some more of this.
>> I know.
>> Like that stuff. That stuff we showed
you earlier, it's good. Don't get me
wrong. It sells great. But this stuff
has been really good.
>> The shelves. Yeah.
>> All righty. That's everything.
>> Okay, we're gonna get to packing. Well,
all right, y'all. We tried something
different today. We uh we finally tried
list easier.
>> Yep.
>> And there are still a few kinks to work
out, mostly with us using it. Like the
the main thing we see so far is it's not
for
more than one user
>> at the same time.
>> At the same time. Yeah.
>> So,
one account
wouldn't suit both of us
>> to list to the same store
>> unless there's something we're not
seeing. We're going to reach out. Uh,
you know,
>> I don't think No, I'm No, it it
literally says one user. It says one
user and then the different accounts
have
>> num different number of eBay stores you
can list to,
>> which is fine. But yeah, it may not work
great for us
uh to both be using it at the same time.
And that might be an expectation that's
not reasonable. I don't know.
>> Right. Right.
>> But uh yeah, it does. I will tell you,
we'll talk more about it later, I'm
sure. But I I will say this,
it helps. It streamlines things.
>> It does. Um,
>> it it's fast
>> and and one thing that we really liked
about it is it just fills out so many
item specifics for you and it takes care
of that part of eBay. So, that's a big
time saver there.
>> And and the title and now we did all new
and box product that had UPC codes and
everything,
>> right? So, that's easier.
>> Yeah. And and uh yeah, it pulls Yeah, it
pulls a lot of item specifics. And it's
interesting. Um, I listed like some
makeup palettes and I went to the
company's website and actually because I
had
>> it it pulled information from the
company's website, the description. It
used like their their description and
stuff. So, yeah, it's it's pretty cool.
>> Yeah. No, it's it's pretty good. I mean,
we're jury's still out and our use case
may not fit the single account thing
like I said.
>> Yeah. But yeah, we're going to I think
we're going to keep on trying to
incorporate it for now and give it some
more shots. So, what did we get listed
today?
>> So, y'all saw earlier we bought 100
pieces
for 263
>> and we're done listing for the day and
we've listed well we listed 53
listings through list easier for 976.
Now, that is one of those
is for two items.
>> Three items
>> where it's for three items. So, it's
really 55 items.
And then we have two other items that
didn't go through list easier. So, we
ended up and they were both from that
same lot as well.
>> Right.
>> So, we ended up today listing
of the 57 of the hundred items. So, a
little more than half of the hundred
items
uh for a little over a thousand.
>> Yeah.
>> Which that tells me I mean as long as it
keeps going like it has been
well I mean we should easily get to 15
to,700 I would think.
>> Yeah. But well well here's the catch. A
lot of the stuff left is like two brands
>> and it's good stuff right?
>> I think.
>> Yeah. But I think it's probably average
$15 items.
>> Okay.
>> So, yeah. All right. We'll see. Well, if
it does that, then yeah, we'll have
another
>> $600 in listings or so the next. So,
we're off to a really good Oh, and we
have this stuff, too.
>> I think this is going to be good. I want
to look at this when we
>> I photographed I got all the photos for
these done.
>> Yeah.
>> But then we were like, you know what?
That's enough for today.
>> Yeah. We're tired and we're going to be
going out early in the morning hopefully
if this rain will stop.
>> Yeah. So,
>> our first taste I'll say our first taste
of list easier was pretty good though.
>> Yeah,
>> definitely. I recommend it if if you're
a one user like if you're working solo.
>> Yeah, the two the multi-user thing on
the same account. Yeah, that's something
we're going to we're going to have to
figure that out. So,
>> but yeah, that is going to be it for
this one. Thanks so much for watching
and we'll see y'all again very soon. Bye
y'all.
>> Bye.